Tangela is terrible in fact as a kid I
thought Tingler was the single worst
Pokemon in the entire franchise I mean
even Magikarp evolves into Gyarados
Weedle evolves into Beedrill
Tangela doesn't evolve into anything and
on top of that it's starting attacking
move is constrict ugh
and it seems like game freak completely
agrees with me because they took this
little walking spaghetti monster and put
it on a tiny little patch of grass that
nobody in the history of Pokemon has
ever stopped to visit just hoping that
one day maybe somebody trying to do a
professor Oaks challenge would stop
there and try to catch it and then shove
it in a box never to see it again
so when I sat down to think about the
strategy for this one I already knew
tengla was going to end up at the bottom
of the tier list the absolute worst
or so I thought
[Music]
thank you
foreign
that might just be the single most
impressive run that we've had in this
entire series Tangela beats the entire
game of Pokemon Yellow on zero DVS
minimum battles and with no TMS
but how did I do it well let's get into
the run and break it down and then I'll
follow up with an optimizing run where
I'll show one simple tweak that I made
to the first run that turned this
Pokemon from a solid a tier finish into
an S tier god let's get into it
a question which is can a Tangela beat
the entire game of Pokemon Yellow on
zero DVS and minimum battles I don't
think no TMS will be possible but zero
DBS and minimum battles just might be
possible and how could we possibly do
that when tengla's starting moveset in
Pokemon yellow is only constrict
well this is a case where a trade back
from Gen 2 might just make this Pokemon
completely viable why well in addition
to constrict tengla in Pokemon
Gold's silver and Crystal
powder at level four which means a
freshly hatched level 5 Tangela could
have sleep powder but on top of that by
breeding a Tangela with a father that is
a
um hop-ip skip Loom or jump luff there
is a possibility to get access to two
very good egg moves Mega drain and
amnesia
and those two moves could completely
break this game and make this not just
an impossible run possible but even
somewhat decent
decent now we still have to deal with
the fact that this is a traded Pokemon
the fact that we're gonna have obedience
issues but if we can get past those we
might just have a solid run on our hands
okay so here comes tangla
and one thing that I always will say
with these Gen 2 trade backs is that we
have to assume that we trade the Pokemon
after we would have already gotten
through
this whole section of you know getting
the Pokedex and all that
here
I'm gonna name this one Angela when I
was a kid I thought it was Angela not
Tangela I didn't think of it like that I
didn't have any friends who ever used
this Pokemon so I always called it
Tangela like Angela with a t in front
because that made sense to me as a kid
so we're gonna name this one Angela
so here for these
Pokemon that are Gen 2 trade backs I'm
always just gonna lose the first rival
fight and I'm gonna give them their
additional moves after this fight
finishes losing to rival one with the
Tangela is incredibly easy to do because
constrict is easily the worst move in
the game 10 base power
now what I'm going to do is I'm going to
use Game hook in order to add in my
additional moves so the first move we're
gonna add is sleep powder
our tangla
now has access to all of these moves
and now I can turn off everything in
game hook and it will still work just
fine okay so here we are we are at our
first fight with our new moveset we're
gonna take on this mud catcher and the
strategy here is pretty simple I'm going
to just
oh realize that I didn't
you know rip
there we go now we have PP so I wasted
one reset there but that's just a an
error on my part
but now let's see how this goes
can a
Spaghetti Head I mean it's basically the
Flying Spaghetti Monster this Pokemon
should have named it FSM oh God
but here let's get into this fight now
so I'm gonna use sleep powder first
now I can set up amnesia
with Caterpie sleeping nicely oops
didn't mean to use sleep powder there
but Mega drain we can see is doing
decent damage here
and nice we're on minimum battles
and
this really just should be a matter of
I think Mega drain oh just one shots
there
here I'm gonna use the Amnesia since he
used vide
and then just one shot there nice so
easy but now we're up to level nine and
without a badge
like we have to keep in mind in gen 1
the badges that give you extra obedience
are the even number badges so the the
boulder badge has no impact on obedience
in this gen
which means that
we are going to become disobedient after
we get past level 10 and we're not going
to be able to become obedient again
until we beat Misty
her badge will give us obedience up to
level 30 then Erica gives us up to level
50. Sabrina up to level 70 Giovanni
makes it so that all Pokemon obey no
matter what there we go so now we've hit
Level 11 though
and now we're going to be disobedient
and so this is where this whole run
becomes ridiculous like if we can put
our opponents to sleep and set up
amnesia and get the hits off we will win
but if we can't do that then
we could run into problems so here
I want to put this one to sleep
there we go
and it immediately woke up
okay Mega drain's fine
but now we're outsped
okay
okay we did manage to put it to sleep
there
okay Mega drains fine
okay we used constricts oh God and we
lost
so yeah we need some luck here
come on put him to sleep nice
we used Mega drain instead
okay there's one Amnesia two amnesia's
three amnesias
[Music]
okay
and there we couldn't land any hits all
thanks to Disobedience so
here once again we really want to put
this Rattata to sleep
and we really want to
get the Amnesia set up
[Music]
okay well putting it back to sleep was
good
gay and mega drain nice
now let's see okay Atkins is asleep
come on no use constrict no come on okay
there we go we finally got through that
fight but as we gain levels we're gonna
become less and less obedient
um the formula basically calculates
based on how many levels you are above
your obedience threshold
which our current obedience threshold is
level 10 and I've picked up the Escape
rope intentionally
because we're going to want to escape
after we take down this super nerd if we
can take him down so here now I want to
set up amnesia
so far we've been in obedient which is
very nice
okay critical hit there was really bad
actually
okay we put this one asleep okay there
we healed up nice
okay that's a one-hitter on the voltor
which was also nice
and I really want to put coughing to
sleep because smog actually does a lot
of damage here
and here I think we can just constrict
this one down but we also like that when
it used Mega drain instead
okay
so I still have five Mega drains
if I can get the luck
let's just see see if we can take Jesse
and James down
okay so here sleep powder first on Ekans
is like a must
okay we use the Amnesia instead but
that's not the end of the world
because we're gonna need to set up
amnesia too
hey second Amnesia let's get a third
Amnesia now can we land to make a train
oh we use constrict instead
okay and we just couldn't get the luck
there
okay we put Atkins to sleep
okay
Mega dream there is not the end of the
Worlds
[Music]
okay we take that one down
we do put coughing to sleep that's very
good
okay Mega drain hits
one more Mega drain there we go okay so
we got through Jesse and James finally
there would be no point in trying to
fight rival 2 right now we need to go
straight to
Misty's gym if we can beat Misty we'll
be obedient again until Level 30. and
the advantage that we have is that
Misty's not going to use any water type
moves against us
which means that we can hopefully at
least uh just manage to
put her to sleep set up amnesia and then
win
and she's only going to use tackle and
Harden with her Pokemon
NX defense don't matter so
yeah we have kind of an advantage there
as well so really we need to start by
setting up amnesia
and then Mega drains a one shot there
and here if we can just land Mega drain
I think we have a chance
yeah look at that there we go
so we get through Misty and now we have
obedience again
this is great this is great for our
traded Tangela here
and
we're leveling up pretty much the same
way as something like Bulbasaur would
level up so
I think we can get through this next
section without leveling up before we
get to sell it on but let's find out
so I'm gonna put Spiro to sleep and now
worry of obedience so we can just set up
amnesia here go for Mega drain
let's go for it again
and now constrict to finish that one off
cool
now Mega drain to one shot at Sandshrew
I think we're gonna one shot Rattata yes
and Evie goes down there we go so rival
2 once we're obedient is no problem at
all all right here we are rival three
time with Tangela
this might be stupid
so of course we want to put this one to
sleep
I am amnesia amnesia amnesia
into Mega drain
megatrain
Mega's rain
and of course Mega drain nice
there we go
like we shouldn't even have to set up
this Mega drain should do the job
we've reached level 30 okay
and
we don't want to gain any more levels
like really really I don't want to gain
any more levels please
next is Clefairy girl if we can get
through Clefairy girl without leveling
up we'll be fine but let's just see
oh we're probably gonna level up on
Clefairy girl rip
so no matter what we do I think we're
gonna be disobedient on Erica
which is bad but
unavoidable I guess
okay yep there we go we leveled up
we are now disobedient
but we're gonna go straight to Erica's
gym
there's no point doing anything else
okay so we take that one down cool
Beauty wasn't a big problem but now Eric
I think will be Tangela does give us a
decent chance to set up since it's only
going to use constrict and binds but
it's after her Tangela that I'm worried
about because both Weepinbell and Gloom
are going to use
uh acid on us
and they probably out speed is my guess
Okay so
okay we used bind on her Tangela but now
we put it to sleep okay now I wanna
Amnesia up
[Music]
okay we put it back to sleep
okay so we did take that first one down
look how much acid does oh my God
[Music]
ah we need to put her Pokemon to sleep
to have a shot here
okay
[Music]
okay just a second here because
let's just see here if I go back
out
so this is actually I've used the Save
State to reload before when I had used
the rare candies
and just as a thought what if I go fight
Lieutenant surge
why would that make a difference well
Lieutenant surge gives a badge boost in
defense
and that badge boost in defense might
make us more survivable
once we finally get the setup
to the point that it might actually
offset the fact that we're going to be
less obedient
if we gain a level
there we go Okay so we've made it to
Lieutenant surge let's try this fight he
has only one Pokemon that's kind of the
main point here
so
we're gonna put Raichu to sleep
we're gonna try to set up amnesia
[Music]
put him to sleep and
if we can land a mega drain
think that will be a win right there
cool
so there we go we got the badge boost
for defense now the game incorrectly
says that it increases your speed it
actually increases your defense
so here I'm Gonna Save Right Here
and then let's try to take this one out
[Music]
laughs
okay
so we didn't learn poison powder
okay we had the defense drop so that
makes sense
or you know what I'm gonna do something
else
rather than using rare candies here
let's just go fight
things in the Rocket game Corner because
even though they're not gonna be super
consistent they're gonna be easier I
think
I think think being the operative work
now let's get into the Giovanni fight I
guess
laughs
[Music]
hey
okay and we take that one down cool
so now we're even up to level 34 without
using any rare candies
and now
I even think we could theoretically go
and take on
rival four and uh Pokemon Tower
so Tango gets knocked out because of its
own stupidity basically
like it will do nothing to us because we
haven't used any attacks yet
okay
no don't be removed bind
[Music]
oh come on
tingle is so bad
okay
okay we finally took that one down at
least
now Mega drain is a one-hitter there
one hitter there
it's a one hitter there
and it's a one hitter there there we go
now we're all the way up to level 35
even
[Music]
okay we just take that one down in the
end
what's up
okay we lost that one
this one's clearly possible
it's just a matter of setup basically
okay that just becomes a one-hitter
there
hey that becomes a one-hitter
[Music]
I was so close I think if we hit one
more turn with
bind we would have won but
we just didn't get the range
hey
not quite a wand hitter there but it is
a two-hitter
okay
we just need to land one more hit there
we go okay so we take Jesse and James
down
you can go out with Mr Fuji here
I don't know let's just try Rebel five
once here
because
it may just be as simple as needing to
get amnesia set up to survive against
the Vulpix
and then sweep
the sand slash is only going to use
poison sting against us
see here I think the
the poison basically ends that one
but there we can
now kind of hope to get our Amnesia set
up
come on
[Music]
hey that becomes a one hit there
hey we take that one down we leveled up
and then Ember was a crit I think a
non-crit Ember doesn't knock us out
it's like that
I'm just trying to save Mega drain PP
for later in the fight
hey
all that crit did so much damage
hey now against cadaver I kind of do
want to use bind if I can land the hit
and we get wrecked
Angela
hey
okay
we take that one down
now Vaporeon uses Aurora beam
squeezed blind
sleep powder
oh God
and we couldn't get any
of those hits to be a uh Mega drain
otherwise I think we win
like if we could have just landed a mega
train there we would have beat rival
five that's stupid come on
okay
[Music]
oh and we got a critical hit with our
our Mega drain so it wasn't a one hit KO
that's stupid too
that would have been a one hitter if not
for that crit
Mega train was no longer disabled thank
God
oh it's not quite a one-hitter still no
come on
like follow orders
one time
oh and you get
ah yeah maybe I just have to give up
there
that's so stupid though cause I can tell
for sure with obedience I'm gonna Crush
that fight
there we go we beat Erica finally
oh God that was bad guys but we are
still on minimum battles
we have used a bunch of rare candies but
now with obedience I think we can go
right back to rival five
and just start destroying him
and there we go we get through
I guess I should try to take on Sabrina
she just refuses to cooperate with the
sleeps here
here we go finally one where she stays
asleep long enough
Kinesis missed good
here we take that one down
we're not going to learn slam
and there we go okay Sabrina goes down
that means we have basically guaranteed
obedience for the rest of this run
now we have to get to the
significantly harder part which is
taking down Koga himself
he's going to want to use toxic with a
lot of his Pokemon
and uh hopefully we don't actually get
hit by toxic
so here venonat
we're just gonna try to keep it asleep
hey
we got the Sleep powder there
I'm gonna go Mega drain
Make It Rain there we go
there we did get hit by toxic
so that was bad
or we do have the advantage of being
able to heal up off of him
but yeah I think we need to get all the
way to the venomoth without toxic
foreign
such a troll sometimes but
alright so six gyms are done
so let's save right here let's take on
Blaney boy
okay we're gonna go Amnesia all the way
here
now we outspeed nine tails which is nice
[Music]
it's worth noting that after Blaine is
where we'll get our batch boost in
special so
we don't really want growths
it's using fire spin here which is kind
of bad but
hey there once he does that though we're
kind of Happy
okay
and we take him down on the first
attempt look at that
so we have gotten through Blaney boy who
should have been one of the harder gym
leaders for us
which means now we can make our way up
to Giovanni's gym
and we're definitely gonna be outsped by
Doug Trio but we resist dig
and we resist earthquake so it's really
just about
sand attack
and uh
fissure
like look how little earthquake did
there we can just do that
and that
hey and here it used double kick
I mean we're gonna get like double kick
and leer from the nedos
and there we go
so we ended up
taking down Giovanni on the first
attempt so that's nice
[Music]
this just Mega drain and Amnesia are so
strong as a combo now
that while this was super hard early
because of Disobedience now that we're
perfectly obedient
I think this combo is gonna let us get
through a lot of challenges here
okay so let's get to rival six
put sand slash to sleep
start setting up amnesia
we're obviously just gonna one shot
there
and put execute to sleep
here I'm just gonna use bind to try to
finish it off
hey
we can just take that one down
here I think we still want to put nine
tails to sleep
then just start using Mega drain
you're on low health I think mind is
fine
that was a very strong critical hit but
there I think mine's perfectly fine
Vaporeon we put it to sleep and there we
go
just one shot with the mega drain so we
take out rival six in one attempt
he's really confident going to the Elite
Four because
like Lorelei should not be hard Bruno
should not be hard I guess that will be
tricky
Agatha and Lance are gonna be difficult
but then we can see that the Champions
teams not necessarily going to be
terrible
um
all right guys one last drink of water
and I think it's time
to get up in here so Elite Four time
Lorelei time
I'm actually kind of stoked that we've
made it this far without adding any
additional TMS
or any optional battles
now we definitely want this too long to
be asleep so that we can set up our
amnesias
because it will use Aurora beam like
that
but now that's a one hitter
we leveled up that's fine that's gonna
be a one hitter as well one hitter
Jinx I think is the scariest of her
Pokemon
we may just have to stick with the mega
drain yes
and mega drain there we go so Lorelei
goes down with no problems whatsoever
save right here
and let's get into the Bruno fight
where we're gonna put the sonics to
sleep
and then just start spamming amnesia
and now I think we just start sweeping
just look at these Pokemon go down
Machamp had no chance there we go
alright so now Agatha is where this gets
at least a little bit scary
[Music]
I think we need to PP up one more and
make a drain
and then one more and
sleep powder
okay let's try this
Agatha
so here we are definitely gonna try to
put the skin guard to sleep
and now Amnesia up
we are still out sped by the Gengar
so we are out speeding Golbat now
here we take down the first Gengar
we definitely do not want toxic
to the best of our ability we're going
to keep these opponents asleep
[Music]
foreign
yeah we're not gonna win that one with
toxic
yay
[Music]
okay we take down the Golbat that time
that was good
foreign
hey we put Haunter to sleep
[Music]
okay so we take that one down
now here Gengar
[Music]
Miss click there but
looks to be in a three-hitter Cairo
range
yes there we go okay so Agatha goes down
that wasn't too bad just one reset there
now I want to heal
I want to go Fuller store I'm gonna do a
make Max Elixir there
and it's time for Lance let's see how
this goes this is actually getting
intense
okay so Lancy boy first we want to
[Music]
put the Gyarados to sleep
and we want all the Amnesia set up
there that goes down nice
[Music]
see we are at speeding here so I think
on this one
since it doesn't know
any really strong moves against us we
can probably just mind
hey
foreign
rip
it's the end of that run
okay that was basically fine
Dragonite does outspeed us but
[Music]
fortunately
Amnesia is doing its job
oh but the crit at the ends
[Music]
ah come on there's a glitch in the game
where if you're using a rapping move and
you miss on an opponent who's just used
Hyper Beam they'll just use Hyper Beam
every turn without any need to recharge
it's kind of stupid but
it's a glitch in the game
foreign
Aerodactyl there
we did not however out speed Dragonite
[Music]
and there we go okay we finally got
through Lance
that was a tough fight
[Music]
so we're going Max Elixir we are going
full restore
and here we are folks zero DB's minimum
battles no TMS but with Gen 2 trade back
moves
Gen 2 egg moves
we have this tangler all the way at the
champion
so now we just have to see if we can
finish the job
I'm hopeful so let's just try it
[Music]
I'm gonna set up my amnesias right here
on Sand slash
that should be a one-hitter there
[Music]
now we should be out speeding Alakazam
which means we can just bind it down
[Music]
okay we'll knock that one out
nine tails does out speed and uses fire
spin
[Music]
fire spin can miss
oh but it doesn't miss that time
let's check I have a rare candy
maybe that will delay that level up
with nine tails to sleep
I was so close to a two-hitter but it's
a three-hitter
okay we outspeed Magneton
we can take that one down and Vaporeon
one hitter there we go ladies and
gentlemen
just like that
Tangela
Beast the entire game on zero DBS
minimum battles with no TMS it took 144
resets that puts it solidly into a tier
but
considering Disobedience considering how
big of a wall some of that middle game
was
I'll take that I will take that all day
Tangela actually solid if you just gave
it moves
who knew
so
now if you're new to this channel 144
resets might not seem very good I mean
we had to reset quite a few times
especially on the Erica section but when
you compare it to other Gen 2 trade
backs that we've done on the channel so
far Bulbasaur took 159 resets to beat
the game when it traded back with pedal
dance and Vulpix had over 700 resets
just on Rival 2. and really most of
these resets came on Erica in fact about
a hundred of the total resets came there
so if we could find a way to make Erica
more consistent we can probably get
Tangela all the way up in the S tier but
how high can it go and what kind of move
could we use in order to make this work
well let's get into the optimizing run
and see how it goes so here I'm gonna
take on this Nidoran boy right here
and this is all about getting access to
body slam which I think is going to be
the best play
so I'm just gonna learn body slam right
away here
I'm gonna learn it over binds
and yeah the reason I don't think I need
bind is because with sleep powder
[Music]
like binds just isn't that great because
if you're using bind while things are
asleep especially when tangle is being
disobedient you just end up with
opponents waking up a lot
which is really just not ideal
here I'm using
amnesia for badge boosts and now I'm
just body slamming those Pokemon down
and now I get the extra rare candy so
now I can okay so here we're at level 36
currently
I'm gonna come in here and at least
fight the execute trainer and I might
think about taking an attempt at Erica
here
and ether into Mega drain and let's just
try Erica
let's just see how she goes
especially with body slam
being available
okay
okay we don't really like this situation
here
okay so we take that one down
okay
we body slammed that one down but we
lost the first time
sleep powder missed turn one
you're on Weepinbell
okay but we did get through we're on
full health on Gloom body slam come on
body slam it yes yes come on there we go
okay only 18 resets that's not bad
really not bad for getting through Erica
now we have complete obedience too like
this whole section and we didn't have to
use any rare candies we didn't have to
take a ton of optional battles
I'm calling that a win guys
a win is a win is a win in my Minds
I'm feeling pretty good here but just in
case I do decide to grind against the
elite four I'm just gonna put everything
except the walking spaghetti monster
into the PC and WSM it's your chance to
shine your time to show what you can do
I'm also gonna just buy as many
full restores as I can here
[Music]
just in case I end up resetting here at
all
and let's just go ahead and take on
Lorelei
oh look at that we got critical hit one
shot there
[Music]
okay here we're gonna set up
and now Mega drain should just one shot
there should be a one shot there
we're gonna put Slowbro to sleep but it
is a one shot okay
here I'm gonna put Jinx to sleep and now
I'm gonna body slam it down
okay
Mega drain just one shots there on the
Lapras and there we go
first
opponent is down I'm going to go ahead
and just drop a PP up into Mega drain
here
and now I'm just gonna take on Bruno
without doing anything else
um
I'm gonna put the first Onyx to sleep
just so that I can do my setup here
X defense don't matter obviously because
Mega drones just gonna one shot one shot
one shot
now I think this is just a One-Shot
sweep from here
oh it's a two-hitter on the champ okay
but still perfectly fine now this is
where things get
a little bit interesting at least in my
mind
because
it might be smart to PP up or to
rare candy up Rather
right here
ended at level 65.
and this time we have 12 rare candies so
if I just drop
all but two of my rare candies I would
basically get to the same level that we
ended up beating the entire game last
time
so
here I'm just gonna do it
I'm Gonna Keep two rare candies in my
pocket
for Lance and the champion
but I say let's just get all the levels
right now
okay so Agatha time we've gained a bunch
of levels
we're still outsped by this Gengar but I
don't think it's gonna matter too much
it's looking like Gengar is a three hit
KO here cool
here we're gonna put Golbat to sleep and
now just use body slam on it
to put Haunter to sleep
and two Mega drains was enough there
for Arbok I'm gonna put it to sleep and
I'll just body slam it down I think
and the final Gengar we just need to put
it to sleep make a drain Mega drain and
mega drain there we go we beat Agatha on
the first attempt and we leveled up at
the end of the fight
so I'm just going to
I guess the Elixir here
and try Lance
question mark
we put Gyarados to sleep
no problem
Mega train not quite a one-hitter there
surprisingly
not quite a one-hitter there on the
Dragonair either okay so now I'm gonna
go body slam and then
make a drain I think
it's fine we'll just here we'll just use
body slam on these
okay we put Aerodactyl to sleep Mega
drain finishes the job
and now Dragonite we outspeed Dragonite
oh and it gets a critical hit blizzard
are you kidding me come on
without a critical hit I think we just
win
two three here I'm gonna go body slam
first and then make it rain oh
we need non-critical hits here
okay here because we've taken damage I'm
gonna make a drain
okay this Dragonair as well
now body slam should just finish it off
pterodactyl we can just take it right
down
okay
okay it looks like we're in a speed tie
against the Dragonite
and once it burns us I think we just
have to go Mega drain here
and just hope to win there we go there
we go we get through that fight no
problem and now I'm just gonna slap on
my last two rare candies we're level 69
very nice
um
we're just gonna full restore
and Max Elixir I'll drop a PP up into
body slam
and let's just get into this 26 resets
only one TM and two optional battles is
this enough to make this like a really
amazingly good run
okay
so Mega drain will take that one down
okay we missed sleep powder but that's
basically fine
here I'm gonna put exeggutor to sleep
and I'm gonna body slam it down
okay we take that one out
okay nine tails
gets body slammed down
Magneton you Screech I think that's fine
Mega drain and mega drain there we go
just like that
I mean
hovering around an hour 14 minutes
26 resets
only one TM only two optional battles
are you kidding me like body slam is so
incredibly broken in this game
and
I mean the fact that you can get an
extra rare candy on the ssan is just
completely broken too
so Tangela the walking Spaghetti Monster
slightly stronger than the last one
we're at level 70 at the end here
when did the champion fight at level 69
and I mean we added one TM
and it just completely broke this run
like that's stupid that's stupid guys
oh God
all right
let's get this up here now
like
that puts Tangela over Venusaur
and just behind Victory Bell
are you kidding me
Tangela top 10 in gen 1
or like is that for real
so just to get this on the final tier
list so that people can see like because
there are some repeats here
on my condensed tier list
we're talking
above Cliff Abel
let's be real now uh sorry that's the
red and blue tier list
so tangle is not as good as weep and
Bell
or as good as polyworld because it still
needs some help it still needs
ah TM it still needs to take a couple
optional battles but it's not far off
not when you do this Gen 2 trade back
thing and you gotta keep in mind that we
could have had fewer resets if not for
disobedience
this is with disobedience this is the
highest that a disobedient Pokemon has
ever been on the tier list
in this
according to this
Tangela is better than Pokemon like
Slowbro
Pokemon like Alakazam Pokemon like
Dragonites
like
Tangela is actually really good
if it's a Gen 2 tradeback
obviously if we repeat this with a gen 1
tangler it's gonna have to get to like
level 27 I think before we even beat
Brock
and its score is going to be way way
lower than this
look at sometime in the future but for
today
my question is always the same can we
beat the game on zero DBS minimum
battles no TMS yes Tangela can do it as
long as you give it the right setup and
can it optimize to become really good in
terms of resets optional battles and TM
usage again yes it can
so
that's really all there is to say for
this one folks I hope you guys enjoyed
and uh yeah I guess the only other thing
to do is to see how it does against
Mewtwo
so uh yeah
let's just do that real quick
and uh yeah I hated tangle as a kid but
the walking spaghetti monster might be
my new favorite
run of all of these that we've done in
this series because it's just so stupid
like
this is kind of what I'm looking for in
this series all the situations where
something that I would have never
expected
turns out to be not only possible but
reasonable like
Tangela as a top 10 Pokemon is something
we still got a lot of Pokemon to do so
it's not solidified in the top ten but
just even to be in the conversation of
the top ten
to be a 95 plus score on my tier list
on these settings zero DVS
this is just ridiculous guys I'm sorry
but it does have everything going for it
sleep powder and Amnesia from the
beginning of the game Mega drain to heal
in battle
body slam was just the key
basically
body slam let us just get through so
many things that otherwise would have
been much harder
and yeah I'm just I'm just completely
taken aback
I don't know some people probably just
skip to the end of these just to see my
final remarks or something like that
Tangela is a beast beast I say and let's
take on this Mewtwo let's just uh
solidify this one
so here I'm going amnesia
let's give it a mega drain let's give it
a body slam because we can
get body slam wrecked
oh
that's beautiful level 70.
Legends
absolute Legend This tangler
anyway guys I hope you enjoyed this one
I'm not gonna ramble any more about how
great tangle is but
it's yeah
tangle up better than Venusaur
are you kidding me
oh God grass types completely broken in
gen 1 2 like nobody gives grass type the
respect but in the
if you're playing competitive yeah there
aren't many good grass types exeggutor
and victory bell are basically the only
viable ones but when you are playing a
full game solo run grass types are just
so stupidly broken in this generation
they just get everything
okay well that does it for this one
I'll see you guys in the next one later